[Music]
you're on a desert island beach in the
Caribbean look around beneath you there
our noses poking out of the sand
these are leatherback sea turtle
hatchlings the largest species of turtle
alive today
their mother nested here around sixty
days ago but today they'll see in the
world for the very first time moving on
soft sand is slow going particularly for
a small turtle
so we sped up time just a little bit
[Music]
this nest may hold up to 80 hatchlings
that right now are around 10 centimeters
long a weightless model than a golf ball
but one day they could exceed 500
kilograms and be the biggest turtles on
earth
each one must make it to the sea where
they may live to be 70 years old
[Music]
down at the water's edge hatchlings are
taking the first swim
[Music]
most of them seem to know where they're
going
while others aren't so sure
[Music]
these turtles face an estimated 1 in a
thousand chance of reaching adulthood
[Music]
on the research team at Sandy Point
National Wildlife Refuge do everything
they can to improve these odds genetic
testing and round-the-clock surveys
means every hatchling is accounted for
and is part of the longest-running
leatherback study anywhere in the world
[Music]
in around 15 years time if they're very
lucky one of these hatchlings may just
come back to these beaches to lay eggs
on her own
[Music]
you